It’s so great to finally meet you. How is business going? I heard you’ve been struggling with communication issues. My team and I struggled with that too. It wasn’t until we added project management software into our routine that we really saw an improvement in teamwork and overall communication. I hope you find a solution that works for your team.
The problem is that work is chaotic no matter what industry you’re in or how good you are at your job. But a good project management software can help improve productivity and communication. I haven’t missed a deadline in years. If you’re interested in how it can help your team, give me a call and I can take you through some numbers.
Do you ever feel like you spend too much time on work about work? I’ve talked to so many people who share the same frustrations. I used to work long hours every day just trying to catch up. But do you know what? Ever since we started using project management software, I've been able to get so much more work done. Have you tried anything similar in the past?
Did you know that the average person can only pay attention for eight seconds? That’s not even long enough to place my coffee order in the morning. Maybe that’s why my barista always gets it wrong. But seriously, I think that’s why so many companies struggle to hit deadlines.
We have a customer that transitioned to a fully remote workforce this year and needed help making sure deadlines were met. With our help, they were able to get up to 10% of their time back in their day and focus on more important things like strategic planning.
It may seem like any other tool, but when you look closely it really is helping teams connect. And not just that, but it’s helping cultivate teams that actually enjoy working together on new projects. That’s something that’s hard to come by, but something everyone is looking for.
Hi, my name is Kelly! It’s great to meet you. You work for Apollo Enterprises, right? I’ve heard a lot about them. I actually heard that you’re looking for project management help. In my experience, any organization—whether sales or suppliers—needs help coordinating work and team communication.
Work can be rather chaotic, especially now, without it. That’s why we’ve created a software tool that helps both individuals and teams organize their projects and communications all in one place. Have you ever thought about using something similar?
Great to meet you, I’m Kelly with Apollo Enterprises. We’ve been able to improve productivity and collaboration for teams all over the world. If you ever need help with project management, just reach out. I think we could make a huge impact on your company. I’ll make sure to keep your contact information handy as well.
I’m Kelly, a specialist at Apollo Enterprises. I chose a career in project management because I had a passion for it, and now I can proudly say that I’ve been able to make a real difference in people’s lives. That’s why I’m looking to continue my career with an employer who shares those same values. I know my unique skills can make a big impact at your company because I’ve proven my results with a few key projects.
I took a look at your current productivity figures and noticed an opportunity for improvement. With our project management software, you could get back up to 10% more of your workday. Not only would that mean more work getting done, but it would also have a positive impact on the overall success of your business. Not to mention, our tool is the only one in the industry that has goal capabilities to ensure teams stay on track. 
Our team really struggled to transition to a remote workforce. Communication wasn’t organized and people struggled to find the correct information to complete projects. But, thankfully, we found a solution to our problem. Implementing project management tools not only improved productivity but also improved overall teamwork. Every company prefers different tools, but I can say without a doubt that our software was the best at connecting goals with the work needed to achieve them.
Thanks for connecting! I noticed that your competitors are outperforming you when it comes to year-over-year growth. I took the liberty of doing a competitive analysis and didn’t find any outlying problems. I’m wondering if it could be an issue with productivity. How has the transition to remote work been? If you’re interested, I could run you through some productivity figures if you were to add project management tools to your current processes.
I love your products at Apollo Enterprises. I’m a huge proponent of your mission. I did realize that there may be some opportunities to improve productivity and collaboration internally. Have you ever considered project management software? I think it could have a big impact on business growth now or even down the road.
I rewatched "The Pursuit of Happiness" to see if there was anything I could salvage, but all I walked away with was frustration at the misleading lesson that passion can overcome anything. Passion cannot, in fact, overcome a busy decision-maker who can't wait for you to stop talking.
If you're at all like me, you'll find the following examples a much better use of your time.
When I began automotive repair, I found a common issue: People needed a choice for transmission repair on late model vehicles other than the dealer.
For three years now, I’ve been specializing in just that: catering to the unique transmission needs of vehicles 10 years or older. I’m also the only shop that provides online guidance first, to help my clients establish a firm price on the transmission replacement first, before their vehicle even comes into my shop.
With this confidence, convenience, and unique specialization, customers not only get more mileage out of their vehicles but also don’t have to cringe when viewing the invoice.
Between bidding wars and market fluctuations, navigating the home buying process is a headache.
I help first-time homebuyers achieve their dream of homeownership through a combination of education, financial counseling, and proprietary tools that grant access to off-market listings. Not only do I meet with each client personally to make sure we cover all of your questions and goals, but I also share regular updates with new listings, price changes, and recent sales so you can gain an understanding of market trends.
Over 90 first-time home buyers have gained the confidence to make this all-important decision with my help, and you can, too. Schedule a consult call today to find out how.
Hello, my name is Jane, I’m a recent CUNY graduate with a bachelor in Marketing and a minor in French. And, as an amateur fiction writer, I’m a strong believer in creative storytelling. In my BA dissertation, I found that marketing campaigns centered around a narrative were up to 55% more memorable than those based on promoting benefits. “Features tell, benefits sell?” Maybe. But stories sell even better. I would love to apply my skills in storytelling for marketing as a Digital Content Development Intern with Acme and contribute to your growth. Could you tell me more about your current challenges with digital content creation?I’m working on a degree in Hospitality and Communication from the University of Boston and I have 6 months of experience in junior Customer Happiness Officer roles with ABC Company and XYZ Corp. What drives me professionally is providing tailor-made, individual solutions to every customer. In my previous role at ABC, I collaborated with a cross-departmental team of 8 colleagues on a surveying project aimed at improving the company’s mobile app user experience. By carefully listening to our customers’ feedback, I helped boost customer retention by 28% and I’d love to translate that experience into similar results for Acme!
What do I do? I make sure robots don’t take over human jobs just yet. And how do I do it? By making friends with them! I’m a senior at Stanford completing my Bachelor’s in Machine Intelligence and Machine Learning this summer. I’m sure you’ve seen all those snappy headlines about AI writers already being more efficient than human beings. Well… Truth is, they’re not there yet and trusting robots with creating high-impact informational content such as news articles would be extremely risky. But, they can help us tremendously with the research process. That’s the premise of a project I’ve been working on in the past 6 months. I developed an alpha-stage AI research assistant that can cut the research time for news pieces by over 60%. Would you be interested in telling me more about your research process at XYZ Magazine?
My name is James and I’ve been crazy about programming since I was 11 years old and my dad showed me how to write a basic algorithm. It just blew my mind that I could do things like that with a computer, so I started following that passion which led me to studying Computer Science at Stanford where I’m a sophomore. Recently, I’ve been reading a lot about how to develop an app for the healthcare sector and I was amazed to read your recent case study on the TeleHealth app. Would you have the time to tell me a little bit more about the development process?
I’m in the business of making NatGeo documentaries with David Attenborough’s voiceover! No, I’m kidding, not there yet. But I’m a senior at UPenn, doing a BSc in Marine Biology. And my main area of research interest is the patterns of melodies of whale songs! And I’d love to make a documentary about it one day, once I’m done with my big project. What about you? Where will I hear of you once you get famous?
My name is Tony and I am a recent graduate from UC San Diego with a Bachelor’s Degree in Communication and Marketing. I came across your opportunity for the role of Marketing Intern and was immediately drawn. While looking over the job description, it reminded me of my previous experience working at the Best Marketing Firm as an intern where I assisted in launching multi-channel marketing campaigns, developed a strong relationship with the company’s marketing and product teams, and increased customer engagement by 15%.
My goal is to become the best marketer I can be, and I strongly believe I would thrive in this role and come in and make immediate contributions to your team and organization. I would love the opportunity to meet with you over a call or meeting to further discuss this position and the qualifications you are seeking. I went ahead and included the job description, my resume, and a cover letter with more details about myself. I look forward to connecting with you!
Hi, my name is Samantha Atcheson, and I am a senior Environmental Sciences major. I’m looking for a
position that will allow me to use my research and analysis skills. Over the past few years, I’ve been
strengthening these skills through my work with a local watershed council on conservation strategies to
support water quality and habitats. Eventually, I’d like develop education programs on water
conservation awareness. I read that your organization is involved in water quality projects. Can you tell
me how someone with my experience may fit into your organization?
Nice to meet you, I’m Alex Biondo. I’m currently a senior and am studying Computer and Information
Science. I hope to become a computer programmer when I graduate. I’ve had a couple of internships
where I worked on several program applications with a project team. I enjoy developing computer
applications for simple business solutions. The position you have listed in UO-JobLink seems like it would
be a perfect fit for someone with my skills. I’d like to hear more about the type of project teams in your
organ.
Hi, my name is Brad. I am currently a sophomore student attending XYZ University in Wallapallooza,
Maparaza. In college I plan on majoring in business, specifically in the area of finance. This summer I did
an internship with the Groundhog Hedge Fund Group and I hope to work in my college’s credit union
when I return to school this fall. Ever since I can remember I have always had an interest in numbers and
I feel certain that this is something I want to do in my future career. Next summer I’m hoping to get
another internship learning more about how the international finanicial market operates. I also want a
career working with people since I enjoy assisting others with their finances and I had a blast this year
preparing a presentation as a team with a group of other students for my business management
introductory course.
My name is Jenn Lee, and I’m an undergraduate student at the University of Kansas studying aerospace engineering. I’m currently an intern at United Airlines, where I work with the airport operations team to study organizational changes, manage communications, and integrate production methods. On campus, I’m the captain of the robotics team, where I’ve utilized my technical skills to build a flying and configurable robot. If you have open time on your calendar this week, I’d love to meet with you about open positions (or internships) at your company.
Hi, my name is Tom Ross. I’m a sophomore at Lasa High School with an interest in tech writing. I’ve freelanced for a handful of journals and covered topics from the latest local election to a rooftop garden feeding the community. With copy editing knowledge and experience interviewing under my belt, my interests lie in getting tangible reporting experience and further expanding my writing and editing skills. Who would be the best person to contact for internship opportunities?
I recently graduated from college with a degree in communications. I worked on the college newspaper as a reporter, and eventually, as the editor of the arts section. I'm looking for a job that will put my skills as a journalist to work.
I have a decade's worth of experience in accounting, working primarily with small and midsize firms. If your company is ever in need of an extra set of hands, I'd be thrilled to consult.
My name is Bob, and after years of working at other dentists' offices, I'm taking the plunge and opening my own office. If you know anyone who's looking for a new dentist, I hope you'll send them my way!
I create illustrations for websites and brands. My passion is coming up with creative ways to express a message, and drawing illustrations that people share on social media.
I'm a lawyer with the government, based out of D.C. I grew up in Ohio though, and I'm looking to relocate closer to my roots and join a family-friendly firm. I specialize in labor law and worked for ABC firm before joining the government.
My name is Sarah, and I run a trucking company. It's a family-owned business, and we think the personal touch makes a big difference to our customers. Not only do we guarantee on-time delivery, but my father and I personally answer the phones.
Hi, I'm David, and I specialize in reducing employee turnover by 25% through customized engagement programs tailored to your company's needs. Engaged employees are happier and more productive, leading to lower turnover costs and a stronger company culture. Are you interested in learning more about how I can help your team thrive?
I'm Anna, the founder of GreenTech Solutions. We develop innovative solar paneling systems that help businesses save on energy costs while reducing their carbon footprint. Our technology has a proven track record of delivering a 30% return on investment within two years. Are you interested in learning more about this exciting clean energy opportunity?
I'm Deena Jones, a freelance content marketing specialist with a proven track record of helping tech startups like yours increase website traffic by 40% through strategic content creation.
I came across your profile and was particularly impressed by your work on [mention a specific project or achievement].
I'd love to connect and learn more about your content marketing goals. Perhaps I can share some insights on how my skills could benefit your team.
Hello, my name is NAME and I’m a first year student here at the University. In the past, I worked as a science tutor at my local high school and was able to assist several students in studying for their biology, chemistry, and physics AP tests. On campus, I am involved in the WISE residential program and am the team captain for my intramural soccer team. The tech industry has been an interest of mine for a long time and to be able to contribute to the building of the company, potentially even as a first year intern, interests me greatly. I would love to join a fast-growing company that values innovation and creativity, and this seems to describe your organization based on what I’ve read on your website. Can you tell me more about your company and how I might be able to get involved?
Hello, my name is NAME and I’m a sophomore studying electrical engineering. I’m seeking a summer internship in a customer focused industry. In my intro-engineering design course, I worked together with a team of students to design, build, and test an autonomously operated quadcopter. I also currently work as an engineering tour leader where I engage with a variety of prospective students each week. Through my experiences, I have developed a strong collaborative spirit. I know your company culture emphasizes cross-functional teamwork and customer-focused design. Could you tell me more about how you’ve experienced this aspect of your company’s culture in your daily work?
Hello, I’m NAME and I’m a senior studying materials science and engineering graduating this May. I am seeking a full-time position in product development. I recently interned at Ford where I led a project to evaluate the mechanical performance of a new material by planning and executing a variety of feasibility tests. On campus, I serve as a student leader in the Michigan Marching Band, where I help band members execute successful performances each week. I think my passion for technical challenges and leadership have prepared me well for a full-time opportunity at your company. I recently applied for an entry product engineering role on your company’s website. Would you be able to tell me more about the role?
Hello, I’m Bridget Lee and I’m a senior studying materials science and engineering graduating this May. I am seeking a full-time position in product development. I recently interned at Ford where I led a project to evaluate the mechanical performance of a new material by planning and executing a variety of feasibility tests. On campus, I serve as a student leader in the Michigan Marching Band, where I help band members execute successful performances each week. I think my passion for technical challenges and leadership have prepared me well for a full-time opportunity at your company. I recently applied for an entry product engineering role on your company’s website. Would you be able to tell me more about the role?
Hi, I’m Anne Arbor. I’m a junior studying Mechanical Engineering, and I’m interested in your automotive internship. I’ve spent the last two summers in an automotive powertrain lab researching technologies to increase engine efficiency. I have also served for two years as an officer in the Society of Women Engineers. I’m hoping to apply my research and leadership skills in your automotive program, specifically new model vehicles. Can you tell me more about it?
Hello, my name is Ella Chan and I’m a sophomore studying electrical engineering. I’m seeking a summer internship in a customer-focused industry. In my intro-engineering design course, I worked together with a team of students to design, build, and test an autonomously operated quadcopter. I also currently work as an engineering tour leader where I engage with a variety of prospective students each week. Through my experiences, I have developed a strong collaborative spirit. I know your company culture emphasizes cross-functional teamwork and customer-focused design. Could you tell me more about how you’ve experienced this aspect of your company’s culture in your daily work?
Hello, my name is Michael Thomas. I’m a junior studying environmental engineering seeking an internship position in water research. For the past two years, I’ve worked on a project with BLUElab aimed at monitoring water quality in the Great Lakes and proposing various water purification methods. This semester, I’m also conducting research on campus where I am overseeing tests for a wastewater treatment project. I think my experience in water quality and developing effective test procedures would make me a good fit for an internship with your company. Would you be able to tell me more about your internship program?
Hi, my name is Mason Hall, and I’m a current junior studying Chemical Engineering here at the University of Michigan. On campus, I’m involved in several clubs and am also a peer advisor for the Engineering Career Resource Center. In the past, I worked at Fancy Chemical Corporation where I performed research on industrial lubricants and had the opportunity to develop new lubricants for usage in the auto industry. Additionally, I have been deeply interested in the food industry ever since I took the food science section of Engineering 100 my freshman year and helped to adjust the formulation of puppy chow to allow for new flavors and easier pipe flow in an actual manufacturing setting. Today, I’m here to learn more about the product manufacturing internship opportunity you are offering as I feel that my past experience has given me a good foundation for work in food manufacturing.
Hello, my name is Betty Beyster and I’m a first year student here at the University. In the past, I worked as a science tutor at my local high school and was able to assist several students in studying for their biology, chemistry, and physics AP tests. On campus, I am involved in the WISE residential program and am the team captain for my intramural soccer team. The tech industry has been an interest of mine for a long time and to be able to contribute to the building of the company, potentially even as a first year intern, interests me greatly. I would love to join a fast-growing company that values innovation and creativity, and this seems to describe your organization based on what I’ve read on your website. Can you tell me more about your company and how I might be able to get involved?
Hello, my name is Betty Beyster and I’m a first year student here at the University. In the past, I worked as a science tutor at my local high school and was able to assist several students in studying for their biology, chemistry, and physics AP tests. On campus, I am involved in the WISE residential program and am the team captain for my intramural soccer team. The tech industry has been an interest of mine for a long time and to be able to contribute to the building of the company, potentially even as a first year intern, interests me greatly. I would love to join a fast-growing company that values innovation and creativity, and this seems to describe your organization based on what I’ve read on your website. Can you tell me more about your company and how I might be able to get involved?
Hello, my name is Bridget Lee. Thank you for sharing in the presentation how your internship with your company helped prepare you for your current role within the company. I was wondering if you could speak a little more to what about your internship program experience compelled you to join the company full time?
Hello, my name is Michael Thomas, and I’m a junior studying environmental engineering. In your presentation, you mentioned how interns take a high level of responsibility and ownership for their summer projects to influence the business in big ways. I was really excited by this as someone who is passionate about sustainable design. Could you tell me a little more about the types of projects that interns typically work on?
Hello, my name is Mason Hall. Thank you so much for presenting this info session. It was great to hear about the opportunities available for students within the company, as well as getting to know the culture of the company. When you mentioned that you like to hire people who embrace new challenges and are passionate about their work, it made me feel that I would be a great fit, and I wanted to give you my resume to get a head start on recruiting before I apply online. I’m a junior studying chemical engineering and I was fortunate enough to take the food science section of Engineering 100, which was actually what got me interested in working in this industry in the first place. I also have had a previous internship at Fancy Chemical Corporation, which I feel gave me additional skills and was a valuable experience. Thanks again for the info session. I was just curious if you had time for some additional questions about the process and what working at your company is like!
Hi, my name is Betty Beyster, and I wanted to thank you for the great info session! Hearing you talk about the challenges a quickly growing company faces deepened my interest in potentially working for your company. I would love to be able to assist in the development of the company if at all possible in the future. I’ll be planning to swing by your booth at career fair to formally have a conversation, but I had several questions about your journey as a company and to see where I could fit in at your company. Do you have a moment?